JOHN CARRIGG , ATTORNEY AT LAW
John Carrigg was born in 1963 in Charleston, South Carolina.  He graduated from Porter-Gaud High School in 1981.  Upon Graduation he attended Wofford College where he earned a Bachelor of Arts Degree in 1985. He attended law school at the University of South Carolina School of Law where he graduated with honors in 1990. While attending Law School he served as a Third Year Legal Writing Instructor for Professor Eldon Wedlock. Upon graduation he was awarded the American Jurisprudence Award for Professional Responsibility, Order of Wig and Robe and Order of the Coif (signifies top 10% of graduating class).  After graduation he served as a judicial law clerk to the Honorable Dan F. Laney, Jr. South Carolina Circuit Court, Third Judicial Circuit. He was admitted to the South Carolina Bar in November 1990. He is a member of the American Bar Association, The South Carolina Bar and the Lexington County Bar. He has been awarded an AV rating by Martindale-Hubble (The highest rating awarded to practicing attorneys).

In 1995 John entered the arena of politics and was elected to Lexington County Council.  He served the citizens of Lexington County for 16 years from 1995 until 2011.  While on Council John served on numerous public bodies including, The Columbia Metropolitan Convention and Visitors Bureau (Board Member and Chairman); The River Alliance; The Cultural Council for Richland and Lexington County; Central Midlands Council of Governments (Board member and Chairman).  John continues to Serve as a board member on Central Midlands COG as well as The Riverbanks Zoo and Garden Society Board of Directors.  John is married to Beth Carrigg who currently is elected to the position of Lexington County Clerk of Court. John was appointed by Governor Haley in May 2014 to serve as an Elections Commissioner for the Lexington County Board of Registrations and Elections.

John Carrigg has been in private practice since 1991 with a heavy emphasis on litigation. Before starting his own practice in 2002 he practiced with Harris & Graves, PA and later Hammer, Hammer Carrigg and Potterfield. Since opening his practice John Carrigg has concentrated his litigation practice on Criminal Cases, Domestic/Family Court cases, Serious Personal Injury cases, and Workers’ Compensation cases.