CRIMINAL DEFENSE ATTORNEY IN LEXINGTON SC
When you find yourself in the wrong place at the wrong time and end up inside the cell doors instead of outside, give our office a call. John Carrigg has the experience to personally evaluate your case and deal with the prosecutor or arresting officer. Many times law enforcement and prosecutors tell people it will just be easier if you plead guilty. Sometimes you are even told that hiring an attorney is not necessary. Every individual has the right to have their case independently investigated.

All people have the right to an Attorney of their choice when they have been arrested. It does not mean that a person is automatically innocent, it means that you are wise enough to call and hire an attorney to help you make the case go smoother and to ensure that you are treated fairly by all.

John Carrigg in Lexington, South Carolina has the knowledge and the experience that is needed at times like this. He will meet with you at the first available opportunity after your arrest.

The Law offices of John Carrigg can assist in many different types of cases. Some of these include, but are not limited to:

Drug Charges
DUI/DUS
Forgery
Shoplifting
Burglary
Grand Larceny/Larceny
Stalking/Harassment
Armed Robbery
Assault/Assault and Battery
ABHAN/ABWIK
Domestic Violence (CDV)
Murder or Attempted Murder
Reckless Homicide
Vehicular Homicide
Bank Fraud Credit Card Fraud
When Law enforcement acts overzealous, John Carrigg can be aggressive in your defense. When it comes down to the freedom and future of our clients, we fight fairly, justly and with a zealous attitude. We come to your defense and strive to have the system work for the client. We ensure that all of your rights were followed during the arrest and afterward. We are experienced and knowledgeable in the field of criminal defense. John Carrigg at Carrigg Law Firm, in Lexington, South Carolina is on your side, we fight for you, to ensure that your future is still bright. Give our offices a call and have knowledge, experience and determination on your side.