DUI DEFENSE ATTORNEY IN LEXINGTON SC
Most everyone is a law-abiding citizen, but everyone makes mistakes once in a while. No one person is completely innocent of all mistakes. Sometimes this may happen after an evening business meeting, when a group of office co-workers gathers at a restaurant and you each have a couple of drinks. You find yourself pulled over and arrested on a drunken driving offense. This can truly be a life changing event for you and even your family. You need the experience and knowledge of the Carrigg Law Firm in Lexington, South Carolina.

At Carrigg Law Firm, we focus strictly on the needs of our clients and fight through the legal system to have our client treated fairly and justly. The DUI Laws are extremely complicated.  Different Alcohol Levels have different punishments.  Some include mandatory jail time or community service along with installation of Ignition Interlock Devices (IID) on your vehicle.  Repeat offences can result is severe penalties.  You want to make sure that you are treated fairly.

We evaluate the evidence and assure that all of the rules were followed by law enforcement.  We evaluate the Data Master information and investigate to assure there were no problems with the machine.  Having a full evaluation of the procedures and the test results we even the odds in the Courtroom.  We work to ensure that you receive the best legal representation available. We will discuss and go over with you, the results of any field sobriety tests done at the scene along with the results of any Breath Tests and any blood work that was drawn. We handle every level and form of vehicular operation cases including:

DUI (Driving under the influence)
Administrative Hearings/ Refusal Suspensions
DUAC (Driving with Unlawful Alcohol Concentration)
Felony DUI
Boating Under the Influence
Ignition Interlock Device Violation Hearings
We focus on all the details leading to you being stopped, the events that occurred during the roadside stop, and the events that occur during the Breath Test. 

Obviously, there are consequences for breaking the laws regarding driving after drinking; however, your best chance at moving forward in life is to have a knowledgeable and qualified attorney at your side when facing criminal charges.  The Carrigg Law Firm will work with dedication and a fierce desire to find justice for all.

We all make mistakes but prevent your biggest mistake and call our offices for an Attorney to help and guide you through the DUI charges against you. Even the most respected people in the community make mistakes; let us help you correct yours.