FAMILY LAW ATTORNEY IN LEXINGTON SC
Ending a marriage is a highly traumatic event in anyone’s life. There are so many issues that are involved at time like this that it makes it an emotional roller coaster for all parties. John Carrigg at Carrigg Law Firm in Lexington, South Carolina is the person you need on your side.  He will be there to help sort out all the issues such as divorce, alimony, child custody and child support.

Our Law Firm prides itself on assisting the client in all matters involving dissolution of marriage, property allocation and issues that matter to the heart, such as child visitation and child custody arrangements. We also have experience in assisting with the supervised visitation that needs to take place in some families. Not only do we help resolve all these matters in a rational manner, but also strive to achieve what is best for all parties involved.

John Carrigg at Carrigg Law Firm in Lexington, South Carolina has the experience necessary to handle all of the issues that may arise in your family court case.  He is experienced in handling matters such as:

Divorce
Child Custody Cases
Visitation Arrangements
Property and Asset Division
Division of Retirement Accounts
Enforcement of Prior Court Orders
Obtaining Expedited and Emergency Court Orders
Pre-Nuptial Agreements 
When you need legal assistance with any matter pertaining to Family Law, John Carrigg at Carrigg Law Firm in Lexington, South Carolina is the Attorney you need to call for the experience and knowledge to help you through the trying times. We provide continuous assistance for our clients and routinely investigate and assist in gathering all evidence or paperwork necessary to solve and settle the Family Law matters in our client’s lives. We attend each court appearance scheduled and will explain all the legal terms and procedures. We pride ourselves on our experience and caring attitude that is necessary for our clients.

Whether you are ending a marriage, beginning a new marriage, or seeking custody or visitation with a child call John Carrigg at Carrigg Law Firm in Lexington, South Carolina for the assistance and guidance you need.  Our Family Law team is there for you.