INJURY ATTORNEY IN LEXINGTON SC
Personal injuries happen to most people sometime in their lives. When accidents happen, you need the experience and determination of a Personal Injury Attorney. At Carrigg Law Firm we are caring, knowledgeable and want our clients to receive the compensation that they deserve.

Personal injuries can hold people back from enjoying life, enjoying time with their families and even being able to work as a productive member of society. We will visit with you right after the injury or will schedule an appointment as soon as you are able to visit with us. As soon as you are comfortable and ready, your attorney will be there for you.

John Carrigg has over 25 years’ experience handling all kinds of Person Injury Cases.  He currently handles cases in the following areas:

Serious Vehicle Wreck Cases
Underinsured and Uninsured Motorists Cases
Commercial Vehicle Wreck Cases
Boating Accidents/Boating Injuries
Products Liability (Dangerous Product) Cases
Death Cases
Slip and Fall Cases (commercial and residential)
Burn Cases/Burn Injuries
Medical Negligence
Nursing Home Negligence
When you are injured, this is not only personally difficult to deal with, but can be detrimental in all aspects of your life. Let us at Carrigg Law Firm help you when you need it. John Carrigg has the knowledge to file your claim, be at all court proceedings and also be able to answer all questions that you may have pertaining to your personal injury case. John Carrigg has been involved in complex litigation for over 25 years.  He is an attorney who will take your case to court if necessary. 

We will collect all medical records pertaining to your injury, gather all relevant evidence and witness information from the police and deal with the opposing insurance company. Most insurance companies try to settle quickly for a ridiculously low amounts that will not even cover the medical costs. By hiring the Carrigg Law Firm, all communications will take place through the attorney, so that you as a client are not pressured into settling for less than what you deserve.

We know that suffering a serious injury of any type can cause a devastating impact on your life. We know what costs are involved, it is not just medical expenses. There are other costs also to consider, such as time lost from work, costs of in home care if needed,  for children, if you are unable to do so yourself after an injury. Often there are car repairs or replacement costs that need to be considered. Contact John Carrigg at The Carrigg Law Firm and he will be there for you.

We believe in open and consistent communication between the client and attorney at all times. We will work for a speedy settlement, but we will also litigate to obtain what is right and fair for you, no matter the length of time it takes. We will alleviate all stress for you, as much as possible from bill collectors, the insurance companies and we will also handle all investigation with the help of our experts when needed.

With your Personal Injury Attorney on your side, all you need to worry about is healing and getting back to your daily life and activities. Give us a call at Carrigg Law Firm, in Lexington, South Carolina. We are here for you.